Create 240305-xero-bankstatement-report.md (#1050)
codatio/codat-docs: blog/240305-xero-bankstatement-report.md

## Action required

**If you consume and use the affected datatypes and fields** you will need to: 

1. **Read, understand and sign the addendum** to Xero’s developer terms and conditions [here](https://au1.documents.adobe.com/public/esignWidget?wid=CBFCIBAA3AAABLblqZhBJeUiW3R6TEmiCOk1pgDH5Dkj52mWSuBQoofU2fw8p6TtE69YTVk2lKYzbpQm9_WI).
2. **Confirm with Xero that you’ve taken these steps** by replying to Xero’s email (or email [api@support.xero.com](mailto:api@support.xero.com)).
3. **Confirm with Codat you’ve done this.** Forward a copy of your email to Xero to [partners@codat.io](mailto:partners@codat.io).

:::note Note
Xero’s communication requires changes to be made to scopes that are requested for new connections. This will handled by Codat on your behalf, **as long as we are notified** that you have completed the required steps with Xero as above. 

:::

**If you do not use these datatypes or do not have a need for the `Balance` field, then no action is required. **

## Expected impact if no action is taken

> The `Balance` fields within the `Bank Accounts` and `Bank Transactions` datatypes will no longer be populated from Xero connections.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `Balance` fields within the `Bank Accounts` and `Bank Transactions` data types will no longer be populated from Xero connections.
```
